c:\users\andrei\documents\visual studio 2013\Proiecte\LittleNotes\LittleNotes\LittleNotes.Windows\bin\Release\App.xbf
c:\users\andrei\documents\visual studio 2013\Proiecte\LittleNotes\LittleNotes\LittleNotes.Windows\bin\Release\MainPage.xbf
c:\users\andrei\documents\visual studio 2013\Proiecte\LittleNotes\LittleNotes\LittleNotes.Windows\bin\Release\LittleNotes.Windows.xr.xml
c:\users\andrei\documents\visual studio 2013\Proiecte\LittleNotes\LittleNotes\LittleNotes.Windows\bin\Release\LittleNotes.Windows.exe
c:\users\andrei\documents\visual studio 2013\Proiecte\LittleNotes\LittleNotes\LittleNotes.Windows\bin\Release\LittleNotes.Windows.pdb
c:\users\andrei\documents\visual studio 2013\Proiecte\LittleNotes\LittleNotes\LittleNotes.Windows\bin\Release\resources.pri
c:\users\andrei\documents\visual studio 2013\Proiecte\LittleNotes\LittleNotes\LittleNotes.Windows\bin\Release\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\andrei\documents\visual studio 2013\Proiecte\LittleNotes\LittleNotes\LittleNotes.Windows\bin\Release\LittleNotes.Windows.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\andrei\documents\visual studio 2013\Proiecte\LittleNotes\LittleNotes\LittleNotes.Windows\bin\Release\Microsoft.Advertising.WinRT.UI.winmd
c:\users\andrei\documents\visual studio 2013\Proiecte\LittleNotes\LittleNotes\LittleNotes.Windows\bin\Release\Microsoft.Advertising.WinRT.UI.xml
c:\users\andrei\documents\visual studio 2013\Proiecte\LittleNotes\LittleNotes\LittleNotes.Windows\bin\Release\MicrosoftAdvertising.winmd
c:\users\andrei\documents\visual studio 2013\Proiecte\LittleNotes\LittleNotes\LittleNotes.Windows\bin\Release\MicrosoftAdvertising.xml
c:\users\andrei\documents\visual studio 2013\Proiecte\LittleNotes\LittleNotes\LittleNotes.Windows\obj\Release\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\andrei\documents\visual studio 2013\Proiecte\LittleNotes\LittleNotes\LittleNotes.Windows\obj\Release\App.g.cs
c:\users\andrei\documents\visual studio 2013\Proiecte\LittleNotes\LittleNotes\LittleNotes.Windows\obj\Release\MainPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\andrei\documents\visual studio 2013\Proiecte\LittleNotes\LittleNotes\LittleNotes.Windows\obj\Release\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\andrei\documents\visual studio 2013\Proiecte\LittleNotes\LittleNotes\LittleNotes.Windows\obj\Release\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\andrei\documents\visual studio 2013\Proiecte\LittleNotes\LittleNotes\LittleNotes.Windows\obj\Release\App.xaml
c:\users\andrei\documents\visual studio 2013\Proiecte\LittleNotes\LittleNotes\LittleNotes.Windows\obj\Release\App.xbf
c:\users\andrei\documents\visual studio 2013\Proiecte\LittleNotes\LittleNotes\LittleNotes.Windows\obj\Release\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
c:\users\andrei\documents\visual studio 2013\Proiecte\LittleNotes\LittleNotes\LittleNotes.Windows\obj\Release\MainPage.xaml
c:\users\andrei\documents\visual studio 2013\Proiecte\LittleNotes\LittleNotes\LittleNotes.Windows\obj\Release\MainPage.xbf
c:\users\andrei\documents\visual studio 2013\Proiecte\LittleNotes\LittleNotes\LittleNotes.Windows\obj\Release\LittleNotes.Windows.exe
c:\users\andrei\documents\visual studio 2013\Proiecte\LittleNotes\LittleNotes\LittleNotes.Windows\obj\Release\LittleNotes.Windows.pdb
c:\users\andrei\documents\visual studio 2013\Proiecte\LittleNotes\LittleNotes\LittleNotes.Windows\obj\Release\priconfig.xml
c:\users\andrei\documents\visual studio 2013\Proiecte\LittleNotes\LittleNotes\LittleNotes.Windows\obj\Release\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\andrei\documents\visual studio 2013\Proiecte\LittleNotes\LittleNotes\LittleNotes.Windows\obj\Release\layout.resfiles
c:\users\andrei\documents\visual studio 2013\Proiecte\LittleNotes\LittleNotes\LittleNotes.Windows\obj\Release\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\andrei\documents\visual studio 2013\Proiecte\LittleNotes\LittleNotes\LittleNotes.Windows\obj\Release\resources.resfiles
c:\users\andrei\documents\visual studio 2013\Proiecte\LittleNotes\LittleNotes\LittleNotes.Windows\obj\Release\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\andrei\documents\visual studio 2013\Proiecte\LittleNotes\LittleNotes\LittleNotes.Windows\obj\Release\pri.resfiles
c:\users\andrei\documents\visual studio 2013\Proiecte\LittleNotes\LittleNotes\LittleNotes.Windows\obj\Release\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\andrei\documents\visual studio 2013\Proiecte\LittleNotes\LittleNotes\LittleNotes.Windows\obj\Release\qualifiers.txt
c:\users\andrei\documents\visual studio 2013\Proiecte\LittleNotes\LittleNotes\LittleNotes.Windows\obj\Release\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
c:\users\andrei\documents\visual studio 2013\Proiecte\LittleNotes\LittleNotes\LittleNotes.Windows\obj\Release\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
c:\users\andrei\documents\visual studio 2013\Proiecte\LittleNotes\LittleNotes\LittleNotes.Windows\obj\Release\ProjectArchitectures.txt
